You have completed Module Two,
How SCM Supports the Mission.
Now that you have completed this module,
you are able to explain how supply chain operations
and supply chain management support the goals
and mission of VA.
You have a clear understanding of the advantages of SCM
and logistics' role, as well as the importance
of logistics in the VA supply chain.
You are able to identify who your customers
and competitors are, as well as the mission
and message of VA and how SCM is involved in
and improves customer management
throughout the supply chain.
In he next module, Roles and Responsibilities,
you will learn about the organization structure
and key roles within the supply chain.